100,http://textfiles.com/100
adventure,http://textfiles.com/adventure
anarchy,http://textfiles.com/anarchy
apple ii's,http://textfiles.com/apple
artwork,http://textfiles.com/art
bbs,http://textfiles.com/bbs
computers,http://textfiles.com/computers
conspiracy,http://textfiles.com/conspiracy
drugs,http://textfiles.com/drugs
e-texts,http://textfiles.com/etext
food,http://textfiles.com/food
fun,http://textfiles.com/fun
games,http://textfiles.com/games
groups,http://textfiles.com/groups
hack,http://textfiles.com/hacking
ham radio,http://textfiles.com/hamradio
holiday,http://textfiles.com/holiday
humor,http://textfiles.com/humor
internet,http://textfiles.com/internet
law,http://textfiles.com/law
magazines,http://textfiles.com/magazines
mass media,http://textfiles.com/media
messages,http://textfiles.com/messages
music,http://textfiles.com/music
news,http://textfiles.com/news
occult,http://textfiles.com/occult
phreak,http://textfiles.com/phreak
piracy,http://textfiles.com/piracy
politics,http://textfiles.com/politics
programming,http://textfiles.com/programming
school reports,http://textfiles.com/reports
role playing games,http://textfiles.com/rpg
science,http://textfiles.com/science
sex and sexuality,http://textfiles.com/sex
science fiction,http://textfiles.com/sf
stories,http://textfiles.com/stories
survival,http://textfiles.com/survival
ufo,http://textfiles.com/ufo
uploads,http://textfiles.com/uploads
viruses,http://textfiles.com/virus
100,http://textfiles.com/100
adventure,http://textfiles.com/adventure
anarchy,http://textfiles.com/anarchy
apple ii's,http://textfiles.com/apple
artwork,http://textfiles.com/art
bbs,http://textfiles.com/bbs
computers,http://textfiles.com/computers
conspiracy,http://textfiles.com/conspiracy
drugs,http://textfiles.com/drugs
e-texts,http://textfiles.com/etext
food,http://textfiles.com/food
fun,http://textfiles.com/fun
games,http://textfiles.com/games
groups,http://textfiles.com/groups
hack,http://textfiles.com/hacking
ham radio,http://textfiles.com/hamradio
holiday,http://textfiles.com/holiday
humor,http://textfiles.com/humor
internet,http://textfiles.com/internet
law,http://textfiles.com/law
magazines,http://textfiles.com/magazines
mass media,http://textfiles.com/media
messages,http://textfiles.com/messages
music,http://textfiles.com/music
news,http://textfiles.com/news
occult,http://textfiles.com/occult
phreak,http://textfiles.com/phreak
piracy,http://textfiles.com/piracy
politics,http://textfiles.com/politics
programming,http://textfiles.com/programming
school reports,http://textfiles.com/reports
role playing games,http://textfiles.com/rpg
science,http://textfiles.com/science
sex and sexuality,http://textfiles.com/sex
science fiction,http://textfiles.com/sf
stories,http://textfiles.com/stories
survival,http://textfiles.com/survival
ufo,http://textfiles.com/ufo
uploads,http://textfiles.com/uploads
viruses,http://textfiles.com/virus
infocom,http://textfiles.com/adventure/INFOCOM
carding,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/CARDING
fdr,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/FDR
freeloading,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/FREELOADING
incendiaries,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/INCENDIARIES
jollyroger,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/JOLLYROGER
lockpicking,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/LOCKPICKING
mischief,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/MISCHIEF
pain,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/PAIN
scams,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/SCAMS
weapons,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/WEAPONS
adc,http://textfiles.com/apple/ADC
anatomy,http://textfiles.com/apple/ANATOMY
cracking,http://textfiles.com/apple/CRACKING
documentation,http://textfiles.com/apple/DOCUMENTATION
genielamp,http://textfiles.com/apple/GENIELAMP
piracy,http://textfiles.com/apple/PIRACY
reviews,http://textfiles.com/apple/REVIEWS
thelamp,http://textfiles.com/apple/THELAMP
asciipr0n,http://textfiles.com/art/ASCIIPR0N
decus,http://textfiles.com/art/DECUS
logos,http://textfiles.com/art/LOGOS
rtty,http://textfiles.com/art/RTTY
ads,http://textfiles.com/bbs/ADS
bbslists,http://textfiles.com/bbs/BBSLISTS
cbbs,http://textfiles.com/bbs/CBBS
delam,http://textfiles.com/bbs/DELAM
destruction,http://textfiles.com/bbs/DESTRUCTION
fidonet,http://textfiles.com/bbs/FIDONET
filelists,http://textfiles.com/bbs/FILELISTS
icenews,http://textfiles.com/bbs/ICENEWS
keelynet,http://textfiles.com/bbs/KEELYNET
mindvox,http://textfiles.com/bbs/MINDVOX
pasco,http://textfiles.com/bbs/PASCO
printouts,http://textfiles.com/bbs/PRINTOUTS
tmok,http://textfiles.com/bbs/TMOK
ua,http://textfiles.com/bbs/UA
wwivnews,http://textfiles.com/bbs/WWIVNEWS
astresearch,http://textfiles.com/computers/ASTRESEARCH
cyberspace,http://textfiles.com/computers/CYBERSPACE
documentation,http://textfiles.com/computers/DOCUMENTATION
harddrives,http://textfiles.com/computers/HARDDRIVES
pressrelease,http://textfiles.com/computers/PRESSRELEASE
cn,http://textfiles.com/conspiracy/CN
alt.drugs,http://textfiles.com/drugs/ALT.DRUGS
maryjane,http://textfiles.com/drugs/MARYJANE
authors,http://textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS
fiction,http://textfiles.com/etext/FICTION
modern,http://textfiles.com/etext/MODERN
non-fiction,http://textfiles.com/etext/NONFICTION
reference,http://textfiles.com/etext/REFERENCE
caa,http://textfiles.com/fun/CAA
photon,http://textfiles.com/fun/PHOTON
arcade,http://textfiles.com/games/ARCADE
atarimail,http://textfiles.com/games/ATARIMAIL
chess,http://textfiles.com/games/CHESS
consoles,http://textfiles.com/games/CONSOLES
fighters,http://textfiles.com/games/FIGHTERS
reviews,http://textfiles.com/games/REVIEWS
9x,http://textfiles.com/groups/9X
anarchyinc,http://textfiles.com/groups/ANARCHYINC
bananarepublic,http://textfiles.com/groups/BANANAREPUBLIC
bar,http://textfiles.com/groups/BAR
blackcircle,http://textfiles.com/groups/BLACKCIRCLE
buzz,http://textfiles.com/groups/BUZZ
cdc,http://textfiles.com/groups/CDC
china,http://textfiles.com/groups/CHINA
damageinc,http://textfiles.com/groups/DAMAGEINC
fish,http://textfiles.com/groups/FISH
metalcommunications,http://textfiles.com/groups/METALCOMMUNICATIONS
octothorpe,http://textfiles.com/groups/OCTOTHORPE
omnipotent,http://textfiles.com/groups/OMNIPOTENT
phait,http://textfiles.com/groups/PHAIT
phonelosers,http://textfiles.com/groups/PHONELOSERS
pph,http://textfiles.com/groups/PPH
ppp,http://textfiles.com/groups/PPP
shawn,http://textfiles.com/groups/SHAWN
twat,http://textfiles.com/groups/TWAT
videovindicator,http://textfiles.com/groups/VIDEOVINDICATOR
zan,http://textfiles.com/groups/ZAN
bibliographies,http://textfiles.com/hacking/BIBLIOGRAPHIES
cable,http://textfiles.com/hacking/CABLE
colorbooks,http://textfiles.com/hacking/COLORBOOKS
conventions,http://textfiles.com/hacking/CONVENTIONS
internet,http://textfiles.com/hacking/INTERNET
microsoft,http://textfiles.com/hacking/MICROSOFT
policies,http://textfiles.com/hacking/POLICIES
unix,http://textfiles.com/hacking/UNIX
vms,http://textfiles.com/hacking/VMS
frequencies,http://textfiles.com/hamradio/FREQUENCIES
modifications,http://textfiles.com/hamradio/MODIFICATIONS
computer,http://textfiles.com/humor/COMPUTER
jokes,http://textfiles.com/humor/JOKES
mlverb,http://textfiles.com/humor/MLVERB
real,http://textfiles.com/humor/REAL
taglines,http://textfiles.com/humor/TAGLINES
cert,http://textfiles.com/internet/CERT
faq,http://textfiles.com/internet/FAQ
1a,http://textfiles.com/magazines/1A
40hex,http://textfiles.com/magazines/40HEX
411,http://textfiles.com/magazines/411
abba,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ABBA
aftershock,http://textfiles.com/magazines/AFTERSHOCK
alive,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ALIVE
anarchytoday,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ANARCHYTODAY
ane,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ANE
angst,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ANGST
anus,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ANUS
aotd,http://textfiles.com/magazines/AOTD
armadillo,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ARMADILLO
artefacted,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ARTEFACTED
aski,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ASKI
ass,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ASS
astral,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ASTRAL
at,http://textfiles.com/magazines/AT
athene,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ATHENE
ati,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ATI
atmospherics,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ATMOSPHERICS
awa,http://textfiles.com/magazines/AWA
bad,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BAD
badsector,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BADSECTOR
bangsonic,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BANGSONIC
be,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BE
bitsbytes,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BITSBYTES
blah,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BLAH
blast,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BLAST
blooball,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BLOOBALL
bow,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BOW
braille,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BRAILLE
breakaway,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BREAKAWAY
breathe,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BREATHE
britcomedy,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BRITCOMEDY
btn,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BTN
btr,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BTR
btw,http://textfiles.com/magazines/BTW
c101,http://textfiles.com/magazines/C101
cdugd,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CDUGD
chacking,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CHACKING
chalisti,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CHALISTI
chaos,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CHAOS
chaoscorner,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CHAOSCORNER
cheaptruth,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CHEAPTRUTH
chn,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CHN
churchofvr,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CHURCHOFVR
cia,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CIA
citro,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CITRO
comnet,http://textfiles.com/magazines/COMNET
comsec,http://textfiles.com/magazines/COMSEC
consortium,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CONSORTIUM
core,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CORE
cotno,http://textfiles.com/magazines/COTNO
cousins,http://textfiles.com/magazines/COUSINS
cpi,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CPI
crank,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CRANK
crash,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CRASH
crisnews,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CRISNEWS
critical,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CRITICAL
cropduster,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CROPDUSTER
crypt,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CRYPT
cud,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CUD
cultdeadcat,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CULTDEADCAT
currentcities,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CURRENTCITIES
cv,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CV
cyberphuck,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CYBERPHUCK
cyberrights,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CYBERRIGHTS
cybersenior,http://textfiles.com/magazines/CYBERSENIOR
dammit,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DAMMIT
dargonzine,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DARGONZINE
dbc,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DBC
dde,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DDE
delawarerail,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DELAWARERAIL
delirium,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DELIRIUM
demonews,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DEMONEWS
dfp,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DFP
dfs,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DFS
digitalmurder,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DIGITALMURDER
dmp,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DMP
dsp,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DSP
dub,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DUB
dumb,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DUMB
dwe,http://textfiles.com/magazines/DWE
eff,http://textfiles.com/magazines/EFF
ejournal,http://textfiles.com/magazines/EJOURNAL
elektrix,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ELEKTRIX
empire,http://textfiles.com/magazines/EMPIRE
etcetera,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ETCETERA
euthanasia,http://textfiles.com/magazines/EUTHANASIA
fatnipples,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FATNIPPLES
fbi,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FBI
fidonews,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FIDONEWS
fingals,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FINGALS
fjournal,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FJOURNAL
fol,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FOL
fongu,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FONGU
freedom,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FREEDOM
frogfarm,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FROGFARM
frontier,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FRONTIER
fsfnet,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FSFNET
fuck,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FUCK
fuct,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FUCT
fulldisc,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FULLDISC
funhouse,http://textfiles.com/magazines/FUNHOUSE
globetrotter,http://textfiles.com/magazines/GLOBETROTTER
gwd,http://textfiles.com/magazines/GWD
haa,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HAA
hack,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HACK
hakd,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HAKD
hardcore,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HARDCORE
haroldherald,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HAROLDHERALD
hch,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HCH
hdirectory,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HDIRECTORY
hdk,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HDK
helterskelter,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HELTERSKELTER
hnet,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HNET
hoe,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HOE
htomc,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HTOMC
hu,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HU
humus,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HUMUS
hw,http://textfiles.com/magazines/HW
ibft,http://textfiles.com/magazines/IBFT
ibp,http://textfiles.com/magazines/IBP
ics,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ICS
idciyrt,http://textfiles.com/magazines/IDCIYRT
illegal,http://textfiles.com/magazines/ILLEGAL
imprimis,http://textfiles.com/magazines/IMPRIMIS
informatik,http://textfiles.com/magazines/INFORMATIK
interface,http://textfiles.com/magazines/INTERFACE
intermosh,http://textfiles.com/magazines/INTERMOSH
intertext,http://textfiles.com/magazines/INTERTEXT
interzine,http://textfiles.com/magazines/INTERZINE
irg,http://textfiles.com/magazines/IRG
jauc,http://textfiles.com/magazines/JAUC
episodes,http://textfiles.com/media/EPISODES
scripts,http://textfiles.com/media/SCRIPTS
alanweston,http://textfiles.com/messages/ALANWESTON
alterreality,http://textfiles.com/messages/ALTERREALITY
backwater,http://textfiles.com/messages/BACKWATER
qwk,http://textfiles.com/messages/QWK
tbfiles,http://textfiles.com/messages/TBFILES
yabbs,http://textfiles.com/messages/YABBS
discography,http://textfiles.com/music/DISCOGRAPHY
formats,http://textfiles.com/music/FORMATS
guitartabs,http://textfiles.com/music/GUITARTABS
pinkfloyd,http://textfiles.com/music/PINKFLOYD
atheism,http://textfiles.com/occult/ATHEISM
bob,http://textfiles.com/occult/BOB
christian,http://textfiles.com/occult/CHRISTIAN
eris,http://textfiles.com/occult/ERIS
freemasonry,http://textfiles.com/occult/FREEMASONRY
inspiration,http://textfiles.com/occult/INSPIRATION
jedi,http://textfiles.com/occult/JEDI
mooism,http://textfiles.com/occult/MOOISM
mormons,http://textfiles.com/occult/MORMONS
oto,http://textfiles.com/occult/OTO
pagan,http://textfiles.com/occult/PAGAN
rosicrucian,http://textfiles.com/occult/ROSICRUCIAN
urantia,http://textfiles.com/occult/URANTIA
wicca,http://textfiles.com/occult/WICCA
worldscripture,http://textfiles.com/occult/WORLDSCRIPTURE
zen,http://textfiles.com/occult/ZEN
biocagent,http://textfiles.com/phreak/BIOCAGENT
blueboxing,http://textfiles.com/phreak/BLUEBOXING
boxes,http://textfiles.com/phreak/BOXES
canning,http://textfiles.com/phreak/CANNING
cellular,http://textfiles.com/phreak/CELLULAR
codes,http://textfiles.com/phreak/CODES
homephones,http://textfiles.com/phreak/HOMEPHONES
numbers,http://textfiles.com/phreak/NUMBERS
payphones,http://textfiles.com/phreak/PAYPHONES
phreaking,http://textfiles.com/phreak/PHREAKING
switches,http://textfiles.com/phreak/SWITCHES
trashing,http://textfiles.com/phreak/TRASHING
voicemail,http://textfiles.com/phreak/VOICEMAIL
wiretapping,http://textfiles.com/phreak/WIRETAPPING
ansi,http://textfiles.com/piracy/ANSI
applications,http://textfiles.com/piracy/APPLICATIONS
couriers,http://textfiles.com/piracy/COURIERS
cracking,http://textfiles.com/piracy/CRACKING
dreamteam,http://textfiles.com/piracy/DREAMTEAM
fairlight,http://textfiles.com/piracy/FAIRLIGHT
humble,http://textfiles.com/piracy/HUMBLE
hybrid,http://textfiles.com/piracy/HYBRID
inc,http://textfiles.com/piracy/INC
nfo,http://textfiles.com/piracy/NFO
prestige,http://textfiles.com/piracy/PRESTIGE
razor,http://textfiles.com/piracy/RAZOR
softdocs,http://textfiles.com/piracy/SOFTDOCS
tdujam,http://textfiles.com/piracy/TDUJAM
unprotects,http://textfiles.com/piracy/UNPROTECTS
censorship,http://textfiles.com/politics/CENSORSHIP
cia,http://textfiles.com/politics/CIA
guns,http://textfiles.com/politics/GUNS
ingersoll,http://textfiles.com/politics/INGERSOLL
spunk,http://textfiles.com/politics/SPUNK
ai,http://textfiles.com/programming/AI
amiga,http://textfiles.com/programming/AMIGA
cards,http://textfiles.com/programming/CARDS
cryptography,http://textfiles.com/programming/CRYPTOGRAPHY
formats,http://textfiles.com/programming/FORMATS
fuzzylogic,http://textfiles.com/programming/FUZZYLOGIC
ace,http://textfiles.com/reports/ACE
chemicals,http://textfiles.com/science/CHEMICALS
erotica,http://textfiles.com/sex/EROTICA
xfiles,http://textfiles.com/sf/XFILES
farnon,http://textfiles.com/stories/FARNON
sre,http://textfiles.com/stories/SRE
sightings,http://textfiles.com/ufo/SIGHTINGS
ufobbs,http://textfiles.com/ufo/UFOBBS
documentation,http://textfiles.com/virus/DOCUMENTATION
ncsa,http://textfiles.com/virus/NCSA
100,http://textfiles.com/100
adventure,http://textfiles.com/adventure
anarchy,http://textfiles.com/anarchy
apple ii's,http://textfiles.com/apple
artwork,http://textfiles.com/art
bbs,http://textfiles.com/bbs
computers,http://textfiles.com/computers
conspiracy,http://textfiles.com/conspiracy
drugs,http://textfiles.com/drugs
e-texts,http://textfiles.com/etext
food,http://textfiles.com/food
fun,http://textfiles.com/fun
games,http://textfiles.com/games
groups,http://textfiles.com/groups
hack,http://textfiles.com/hacking
ham radio,http://textfiles.com/hamradio
holiday,http://textfiles.com/holiday
humor,http://textfiles.com/humor
internet,http://textfiles.com/internet
law,http://textfiles.com/law
magazines,http://textfiles.com/magazines
mass media,http://textfiles.com/media
messages,http://textfiles.com/messages
music,http://textfiles.com/music
news,http://textfiles.com/news
occult,http://textfiles.com/occult
phreak,http://textfiles.com/phreak
piracy,http://textfiles.com/piracy
politics,http://textfiles.com/politics
programming,http://textfiles.com/programming
school reports,http://textfiles.com/reports
role playing games,http://textfiles.com/rpg
science,http://textfiles.com/science
sex and sexuality,http://textfiles.com/sex
science fiction,http://textfiles.com/sf
stories,http://textfiles.com/stories
survival,http://textfiles.com/survival
ufo,http://textfiles.com/ufo
uploads,http://textfiles.com/uploads
viruses,http://textfiles.com/virus
infocom,http://textfiles.com/adventure/INFOCOM
carding,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/CARDING
fdr,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/FDR
freeloading,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/FREELOADING
incendiaries,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/INCENDIARIES
jollyroger,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/JOLLYROGER
lockpicking,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/LOCKPICKING
mischief,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/MISCHIEF
pain,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/PAIN
scams,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/SCAMS
weapons,http://textfiles.com/anarchy/WEAPONS
adc,http://textfiles.com/apple/ADC
anatomy,http://textfiles.com/apple/ANATOMY
cracking,http://textfiles.com/apple/CRACKING
documentation,http://textfiles.com/apple/DOCUMENTATION
genielamp,http://textfiles.com/apple/GENIELAMP
piracy,http://textfiles.com/apple/PIRACY
reviews,http://textfiles.com/apple/REVIEWS
thelamp,http://textfiles.com/apple/THELAMP
